# Dehumidifier

Providing dehumidifier settings is optional and the whole section or individual options may be ommitted and default values (noted below) will be used. Within the *devices.config* object the following dehumidifier specific options.

```json
"A1_options": {
    "temperatureSensor": false,
    "fanAccessory": false,
    "humiditySensor": false,
    "pumpSwitch": false,
    "waterTankSensor": "None",
    "minHumidity": 35,
    "maxHumidity": 85,
    "humidityStep": 5
}
```

## Options
- **temperatureSensor** *(optional)*: Toggles if the temperature sensor is created with the accessory. Default is false.
- **fanAccessory** *(optional)*: Toggles if the fan accessory is created with the accessory. Default is false.
- **humiditySensor** *(optional)*: Toggles if a seperated humidity sensor is created with the accessory. This sensor can be used for autmations as for some reason the internal humidity sensor is not usable for this. Default is false.
- **pumpSwitch** *(optional)*: Toggles if the pump switch is created with the accessory. Default is false.
- **waterTankSensor** *(optional)*: Creates a water tank sensor accessory which can be used to trigger automations when the tank is full. The sensor will show as `Leak Sensor` or `Contact Sensor` depending on this setting. Default is `None`.
- **minHumidity** *(optional)*: The minimum relative humidity that the unit can be set for. Default is 35%
- **maxHumidity** *(optional)*: The maximum relative humidity that the unit can be set for. Default is 85%
- **humidityStep** *(optional)*: Increment in which the relative himidity setting can be changed, may be set to either 5% or 10%. The default is 5%.

