# Gas Water Heater

Providing gas water heater settings is optional and the whole section or individual options may be ommitted and default values (noted below) will be used. Within the _devices.config_ object the following gas water heater specific options.

```json
"E3_options": {
    "precisionHalves": false,
    "minTemp": 35,
    "maxTemp": 65,
    "tempStep": 1,
    "burningStateSensor": false,
    "protectionSensor": false,
    "zeroColdWaterSwitch": false,
    "zeroColdPulseSwitch": false,
    "smartVolumeSwitch": false
}
```

## Options

- **precisionHalves** _(optional)_: This option must be enabled if the temperature on your unit is displayed in half degree increments. Default is false.
- **minTemp** _(optional)_: The minimum temperature that the unit can be set for. Default is 35 celsius
- **maxTemp** _(optional)_: The maximum temperature that the unit can be set for. Default is 65 celsius
- **tempStep** _(optional)_: Increment in which the temperature setting can be changed, may be set to either 0.5 or 1 degree celsius. The default is one degree.
- **burningStateSensor** _(optional)_: Toggles if the burning state sensor is created with the accessory. Default is false.
- **protectionSensor** _(optional)_: Toggles if the protection sensor is created with the accessory. Default is false.
- **zeroColdWaterSwitch** _(optional)_: Toggles if the zero cold water switch is created with the accessory. Default is false.
- **zeroColdPulseSwitch** _(optional)_: Toggles if the zero cold pulse switch is created with the accessory. Default is false.
- **smartVolumeSwitch** _(optional)_: Toggles if the smart volume switch is created with the accessory. Default is false.
